# Liminal Key Recovery Tool

With Liminal Self Custody, you can load your keys into a different wallet outside of Liminal and move your funds without any dependency on Liminal. This means you have control and access to your funds even in the event of service disruption at Liminal.

## Installation

* Please clone the repository:
    * `git clone https://github.com/Liminalhq/liminal-key-recovery-tool.git`

* `cd bin`

### Run
`./liminal-key-recovery-manager-[OS]-[arch]`

## Running Locally

### Build
* `install go 1.17`
* `cd src`
* `go get`
* `go build -o liminal-key-recovery-manager`
 
## Running the Liminal Key Recovery Tool
*  run `./liminal-key-recovery-manager`
  #### It opens a menu with the following options:
    1. Create a Recovery Key Pair - Generate a recovery key pair consisting of a public key and a private key. The recovery key pair
       is used to encrypt the recovery package. It requires a passphrase to encrypt the private key of the recovery key pair. Both 
       the recovery key pair files and the passphrase must be securely backed up.
    2. Create a Recovery Package - Generate a recovery package containing the private backup keys for your digital assets. This 
       process requires the public key of the recovery key pair. The recovery package is generated and encrypted using the public 
       key from the recovery key pair. It is essential to securely back up this package.
    3. Verify the recovery key pair public key - Verify the public key file of the recovery key pair. This option should be used to 
       confirm the validity of the recovery key pair's public key, especially when the key pair is generated by someone other than 
       the owner. To perform this verification, you will need the recovery key pair's public key and access to the corresponding 
       private key, both of which should be located in the same folder.
    4. [OFFLINE] Verify the recovery package - Please use this option exclusively in offline mode to verify the accuracy of the 
       recovery package. This procedure necessitates having the recovery package, the private key file of the recovery key pair, and 
       the passphrase for the recovery key.
    5. [OFFLINE] Reveal the ECDSA Private Backup Key - Please utilize this option solely in an offline mode. This process requires 
       the recovery package, the recovery key pair's private key file, and the recovery key passphrase. It reveals the ECDSA private 
       backup key, which facilitates the recovery of digital assets from protocols like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Polygon.
    6. [OFFLINE] Reveal the EDDSA Private Backup Key - Please use this option exclusively in offline mode. This process requires the 
       recovery package, the private key file of the recovery key pair, and the recovery key passphrase. It unveils the EDDSA 
       private backup key, enabling the recovery of digital assets from protocols such as Solana and Cardano.

